Kill him for me
Hey
Why don't you do it?
Son of Heaven, our weapons have failed.
Bunch of trash roll
Humph
Do you think there is no way?
Kyushu God Weapon
Come and help
We greet the Son of Heaven
Bad magic weapon
Could it be the divine armada guarding the Great Zhou royal family?
The Son of Heaven's Guard is otherworldly
It is also a god
The royal family that specializes in protecting our Great Zhou
How can you bear the wrath of the Son of Heaven?
Wait for death, even if others
In front of the real magic weapon
Everything is false
Ask the divine weapon to kill this monster
What emperor's guard
Just a few streams
All ants
It's pathetic
hopeless
Bold monster
Dare to cause trouble
Quickly show the original form and go forward. It is not good for Yang Fan to die
Divine weapons are the extraordinary power of the masses
No small finch
It's not that easy for you to go
Yes kill him
Police Academy Tour
Kill him as a police alumnus
Yang Fan, hurry up
The power of these divine weapons cannot be resisted by mortals
People who want to go
It's not my son of heaven, there's a misunderstanding.
They broke the contract first
Yang Fan is not wrong
I beg you to let him go
Lark
If you promise to marry me now
Perhaps I could consider sparing his life